Before we depart and start talking about security, let's take
a look at the decisions at Globomantics around custom
constructs and their Enterprise library,
which,
proverbially speaking is just breaking ground at this point. Ellen has faced
the challenge of her CEO's acquisition strategy straight on.
As a result of all the requirements set forth and after many
discussions with the architects at Globomantics,
the decision's been made to build all future assets into
and from an Enterprise construct library.
The architecture team has also decided that all future development at
Globomantics would be serverless, albeit they haven't yet decided on a
serverless SAM or other framework at this point.
As a result,
all non‑serverless systems are targeted for IAC makeovers using
the new layered custom construct library.
Josh's team is already in the process of building all the
low‑level custom constructs for the company,
such as custom S3 buckets, custom VPCs and custom database constructs.
Once built,
a second higher‑level layer will be built consisting
of groups of layer one constructs.
Early examples of these include LAMP stack environments
and higher‑level preconfigured VPCs,
including multiple public and private subnets, as well as API Gateway
Lambda constructs. As a new forward strategy, all new systems built
greenfield will include IAC built entirely from the Enterprise custom
construct library following the testing standards now set forth by
the organization.
There you have it.
At this point,
we now have the complete knowledge and skills to maximize reuse in
our applications by building them out into custom construct
libraries and ensure their fully tested. We now take a dive into principles of security with CDK applications.